h1. li3_assetings

li3_assetings is a Lithium plugin that allows you to easilly configure the required css and script files for your app, controller, action.

h2. More Information

li3_assetings takes advantage of the yaml formatting standard. More about this at http://yaml.org/ and the complete spec at http://www.yaml.org/spec/1.2/spec.html
I started this because I feel really comfortable with assets declaration in configuration files, clearly separated from my views or controllers.

h2. Dependencies

To use this application, you will need:

* Lithium, a php 5.3 only framework built for speed, simplicity, and maintainability	http://dev.lithify.me/
* SfYAML, A PHP library that speaks YAML	http://components.symfony-project.org/yaml/

h2. Installing the helper



h2. Accessing the helper

This is where it gets really easy and straightforward.
Just insert the following snippet wher you want your <script type="text/javascript"> tags to be inserted (http://developer.yahoo.com/performance/rules.html#js_bottom)

	<?= $this->assets->loadConfFiles(); ?>
	

h2. Issues


h2. Similar (and more advanced) Projects
*Kris Wallsmith and his brilliant Assetic framework https://github.com/kriswallsmith/assetic
*BundleFu https://github.com/dotsunited/BundleFu

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits


h2. License
